


 Accolades 






















MSEC


Contact Us At : 9790821869 




  












Home

 ABOUT 

 Vision and Mission 
 Management 
 Administration & Faculty
 Statutory Cells/ Committees 
  Admissions
  Fees 



 DEPARTMENTS 

 Civil Engineering 
 Computer Science and Engineering 
 Electronics and Communication Engineering 
 Electrical and Electronics Engineering 
 Information Technology 
 Mechanical Engineering 
 Artificial Intelliigence and Data Science 
 Humanities and Science 



 WHY MSEC 

 Campus Life 
 Counselling  
 Accolades  
 Gallery 



 INFRASTRUCTURES 

 Laboratories 
 Auditoriums 
 Library 


 RESEARCH 
 PLACEMENTS 
ADMISSION

IIC

About 
 Coordinators
Activities 2020-21

 CONTACT US 






 Accolades 



Meenakshi Sundarajan Engineering College, Chennai is one of the trusted partners of TCS. We do have a close & consistent relationship with the institute, on both hiring & learning fronts. The institute regularly exposes the students to international conferences on Technologies, by inviting leading practitioners & academia from around the globe. I do understand that such exposure and the dedicated efforts of faculty, along with close relationships with industries such as TCS on knowledge enhancements for their students, have resulted in their students excelling in the academics. I convey our best wishes to the Leadership, faculty and above all, the students of Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College, Chennai, the very best for the year 2010 – 2011 and beyond.
Dr. K. Kesavasamy Global Head, Academic Interface Programme, TCS



The Management of Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College toils to impart knowledge and improve the character of its students encouraging them into professional world.
 The following attributes are what makes MSEC stand apart.


Ranked No. 1 amongst 252 colleges for two consecutive semesters by Anna University based on the examination performance (November 2008 & May 2009)




All departments amongst the top 3 colleges in the department wise ranking (May 2009)

Civil Engineering - Number 1
Computer Science and Engineering - Number 1
Electronics & Communication Engineering - Number 1
Electrical and Electronics Engineering - Number 3
Information Technology - Number 1






Ranked among the Top 5 college which maintains high quality & standards - Times of India, February 2009




"Best Engineering College in Chennai" - Mylapore Academy - September 2007  and in 2014-15




All Students certified with an industry recognized certification before campus placements begin.




Students have an early exposure to research and development activites with papers being awarded recognition at major International Conferences & Talent search competitions conducted by HP, Motorola etc.




MoU with industry and academia allowing for research projects giving live industry experience to students.




Unique teaching methodology to ensure students convert theoretical knowledge into practical application in solving real world problems.








 363, Arcot Road, Kodambakkam, Chennai - 24 



All Rights Reserved



