


 Counselling 






















MSEC


Contact Us At : 9790821869 




  












Home

 ABOUT 

 Vision and Mission 
 Management 
 Administration & Faculty
 Statutory Cells/ Committees 
  Admissions
  Fees 



 DEPARTMENTS 

 Civil Engineering 
 Computer Science and Engineering 
 Electronics and Communication Engineering 
 Electrical and Electronics Engineering 
 Information Technology 
 Mechanical Engineering 
 Artificial Intelliigence and Data Science 
 Humanities and Science 



 WHY MSEC 

 Campus Life 
 Counselling  
 Accolades  
 Gallery 



 INFRASTRUCTURES 

 Campus Life 
 Laboratories 
 Auditoriums 
 Library 


 RESEARCH 
 PLACEMENTS 
ADMISSION

IIC

About 
 Coordinators
Activities 2020-21

 CONTACT US 






 Counselling 



 Role of counselling 

                        The emerging role of counselling involves helping students to complete their academic objectives; the reduction of student attrition is a priority. Counselors must perform the roles of student developers and guides for learning . As the student developes, counselors must communicate to students the importance of skill building and other academic requirements and help them understand the value of their academic endeavors. The counselors must assist, manage, and encourage students to build a pattern of success. Crucial characteristics that college counselors need to be successful include a strong sense of professional mission, rapport, and empathy.
                    




 Responsibility 

                        As student developers, counselors should assume the responsibility of communicating to students the importance of academics in vivid and realistic terms. The goals for the student developer should be to provide counseling, information, and support services to meet the students’ developmental needs. The objectives should be as follows: – To assist each interested student in making informed and realistic decisions in the areas of educational and career choices. – To provide services that reflect the understanding that student development includes social, intellectual, psychological, and ethical development.
                    

                        The counselor is required to assist, manage, and encourage students to build a pattern of success and to achieve their dream career.
                    

                        Counselor services should meet the needs of those entering students by providing each student complete information and preparation for entry into appropriate courses. Some of the viable activities include:
                    

 Assessing student ability by using placement tests and interest inventories. 
 Assisting in establishing or clarifying education and career goals. 
 Helping students use college resources to meet their expectations. 





 Grievances and Redressal 

                        Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College is committed to a policy of treating all members of the college community fairly in regard to their personal and professional concerns. The student grievance procedure ensures that concerns are promptly dealt with and resolutions reached in a fair and just manner. The College’s procedures enable students to bring complaints and problems to the attention of the College administration.
                    

                        Registry for Grievances and Redressal is available in the office of main building Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College, 363, Arcot Road, Kodambakkam, Chennai-600024.
                    

GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL CELL
The Grievance Redressal Cell of Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College has been constituted with the aim to provide easy and readily accessible mechanism for prompt disposal of the day to day genuine grievance of the student community and to make the student community to pursue their education at a congenial atmosphere. The function of the grievance redressal cell is to address into the complaints lodged by any student. It is our endeavour to make all efforts to ensure transparency in all the activities at different stages. Taking this spirit in consideration the institute has decided to provide mechanism to students for Redressal of their grievances. The Grievances may broadly include the following complaints of the aggrieved students:

Academic
Non-Academic

OBJECTIVES:

To introduce a fair, impartial and consistent mechanism for redressal of various issues faced by the students/parents
To develop a responsive and accountable attitude among all stakeholders, thereby maintaining a harmonious atmosphere in the College campus
To advise stakeholders to respect the right and dignity of one another, and not to behave in a vindictive manner towards any of them for any reason
To ensure that grievances are resolved promptly, neutrally and in complete confidentiality.
To uphold the dignity of the College by promoting cordial Student-teacher relationship.

FUNCTIONS:

The cases will be attended promptly on receipt of written grievances from the students.
The cell formally will review all cases and will act accordingly.
The cell will give report to the authority about the cases attended to and the number of pending cases, if any, which require direction and guidance from the higher authorities.

Click here for Code of Conduct
Grievance Click here for online grievance submission for student
Click here for online grievance submission for Faculty

Feedback on Facility click here for online Facility Feedback 




 The Counselors 

 Dr.S.Suganthi, Ph.D
 Mrs.S.Sisira, M.Sc.Psychology 


 AICTE Feedback



 363, Arcot Road, Kodambakkam, Chennai - 24 



All Rights Reserved




