

MSEC























MSEC


Contact Us At :9790821869 




  













HOME

 ABOUT 

 Vision and Mission 
 Management 
 Administration & Faculty
 Statutory Cells/ Committees 
  Admissions
  Fees 



 DEPARTMENTS 

 Civil Engineering 
 Computer Science and Engineering 
 Electronics and Communication Engineering 
 Electrical and Electronics Engineering 
 Information Technology 
 Mechanical Engineering 
 Artificial Intelligence and Data Science
 Humanities and Science 



 WHY MSEC 

 Campus Life 
 Counselling  
 Accolades  
 Gallery 



 INFRASTRUCTURES 

 Laboratories 
 Auditoriums 
 Library 


 RESEARCH 
 PLACEMENTS 
 NIRF 
 Mandatory Disclosure 
 CONTACT US 








 Campus Life














 
Excellent academic achievements: Ranked top in Anna university pass percentage, produced university rank-holders since 2005 and hence in high demand in Counselling for admission for this college.
Click here for Anna University - Regulations, Curriculum and Syllabi

Well-equipped Infrastructure: All departments have well equipped laboratory as per Anna University and AICTE norms. Also have additional well established facilities for research and consultancy.



Innovations in Teaching: All departments adopt various innovative teaching methodologies
 


Use of modern teaching aids like LCD projectors are usually employed in classrooms and other student learning environments.
Faculties share Academic study material using digital library
Department conducts Seminar, workshops, expert talks and Industrial visits on every semester
Department has introduced Mini projects every semester in the curriculum
Students are encouraged to participate National and Internal conferences in coordination with Faculty members
Faculty members use digital library and other open source platforms such as NPTEL video lectures to make the subject easy to understand
Faculty members are encouraged to participate in short term courses, staff development programs and workshops on advanced topics to keep pace with the advanced level of knowledge and skills. Over the past years, Faculty members have been participating/ presenting papers in National / International conferences and publish their articles to enrich their knowledge
Faculty utilize department library as well as College main library for reference
Library has state of art digital library, E Learning Centre, Video Conference Room, , Students Discussion rooms, Faculty discussion room, and Books & Reference Section, Circulation Counter, Journals/Magazines and Newspaper Section are made available in the library building


Unique event for bridging the industry-academic gap – E Cube: First of its kind, a weeklong celebration called E3 (Enrichment, Enhancement and Empowerment) is conducted at the beginning of every academic year, where each and every student is allowed to participate in technical paper presentation and mini project/ project presentation; also career guidance based lectures, group discussion and mock interviews are arranged. The event helps the students to improve their inter personal skills, communication skills etc.
Click here for Ecube Report

Industry collaboration one day seminar Expert talk, hands-on workshops, industrial visit on department specific topics to cope up with industry needs
Achieve Excellence Program (AEP) :To encourage and motivate the high performing students to excel in all spheres; students are involved in various industry projects, research work and high-end training
Click here for AEP Report
Mentoring and counselling systems – To encourage and uplift the weaker students to improve their academic performance and personal guidance to develop their life style and career.
Students Technical Fest -National level technical symposium Event completely organised and managed by the students to enable them to develop skills like planning, organizing, coordinating and executing various programs.
Professional Society: All students are active members in professional societies like CSI, IEEE, ISTE, NIQR, IETE, SAE, ICI, CEA, CTS Student club, Microsoft student partner, Accenture Student Empowerment Program (ASEP) including department associations.
Excellent placement record: Year after year, students graduating from this college get recruited in top rated companies through on and off campus interviews.
 
Foreign language training: All students learn JLPT level 5 (Japanese language) and write examination conducted by Japanese foundation by ABK-AOTS DOSAKAI, Tamilnadu.



Extra-curricular: Cultural activities are encouraged as also participation in various sports. Vast playgrounds are available in the campus.



Institute Social Responsibilty: 
Click here to view NSS activities
		
		Single Teacher Schools are constructed in Villages 


Strong alumni: We have very good alumni network through which we come to know the success of our alumni. Two of the alumni from ECE department,  Vivek Kopparthi and Ms. Akshaya Shanmugam are listed in Forbes’ achiever in USA. Many have entered in administrative service like IAS, IRS, and IES. Our students are well placed in good position in global organizations. Many have completed their higher studies in reputed universities. Alumni meet takes place twice in a year. Alumni render helping hands for poor students of our college and also come as guest speakers. 
Vivek Kopparthi, our alumni has been awarded as the “2018 ICICI Bank NRI OF THE YEAR” by 5th EDITION OF TIMES NOW & THE MINISTRY OF HOME AFFAIRS, GOVT. OF INDIA in the startup category.
R & D: Having contacts with big R & D Institutions as also established tie-up with industries for innovation. Students and staff are encouraged and supported for R & D activities.
Conferences are conducted both at national and international level, outcome of which will help for R & D activities
Three off-grid solar power plants with each 5KW SOLAR POWER PLANTS have  been erected and commissioned on the roof top of the CIVIL engineering block.  This plant has been built with the approval of MNRE/GOV. of India at a total cost of RS23.51 lakhs and funded partially by GOVT. OF INDIA/MNRE/NEWDELHI we have received RS7,12,800 as CENTRAL FINANCIAL AID (CFA). It comprises poly crystalline solar PV power plant, thin film and mono crystalline power plants. Research work is still carried from the time of installation by the students and staff.
The energy generated is utilized for THIRD FLOOR Civil Block Class rooms, SM lab GROUND FLOOR/CIVIL BLOCK and first floor in main block/MSEC.



 363, Arcot Road, Kodambakkam, Chennai - 24 



All Rights Reserved



